Welcome to the first section of our course building and testing AI agents, rags and chatbots using
Lang chain with Olama and local large language models.
I know the heading of this course is quite big, but as the heading suggests, the entire course itself
is going to be so deep, and we are going to be talking about a lot of details about how we can build
AI agents, rags and chatbots in much, much detailed fashion.
We'll also be seeing how we can test these using the testing techniques, which are available to ensure
that these agents, or rags and chatbots, does not hallucinate and gives the precise answer that we're
looking for.
But before we get into all these details, let's first understand what is this Lang chain?
Well, Lang chain is a framework for developing applications powered by large language models.
And you can see that this is the architecture of this Lang chain itself.
And don't worry about the architecture right now because we're just starting up over here.
But you will see that these are things that we are going to be commonly using.
While we talk about the link chain in this entire course.
One is the link chain itself, which is the library.
And then it's going to be a link graph, which is going to be helpful for you to use it with the agents
and powering the agents.
And that is going to be a lot of integration components which is used by the link chain.
These components are going to be something that we'll be talking in our upcoming lectures of this section.
And there are going to be long chain platforms which are going commercial platform, which are mainly
used for deployment purpose, which you can use to deploy your large language model application and
can be widely used by the consumers.
And there is one of the most important thing which is going to be common for all these components like
architecture components and deployment is going to be the Lang Smith.
And this Lang Smith is very, very important because this is going to be helpful for debugging playground
prompt management annotation testing and monitoring purpose.
And this also commercial, as you can see over here, but you can use the free version for our development
that we are going to be doing in this particular course.
So this is the complete framework of the link chain.
I know it is very, very high level by now, but once we get into this link chain more deeper, you'll
understand these components slowly and steadily.
But first of all, let's understand what are the things that we are going to be using this link chain
for.
Well, using this link chain we can build chatbots like ChatGPT, frequently asked questions, customer
support applications.
So all these things we can build using this link chain.
We can also build a rag which is nothing but retrieval augmented generation which will extend the large
language models knowledge with external data source like documents and knowledge sources.
And we can also use this link chain for building AI agents.
So the agents that can plan, reason and execute the action that you're looking for.
And you can also use the link chain for AI powered search, which is like an intelligent search using
the natural language, which will be using embedding and vector database to make this happen.
It can be used for text summarization and content generation as it names data extraction and processing,
and also for AI powered code generation.
So we can write automated tests using the playwright or selenium, or for that matter, using this lang
chain.
So you see that this is very, very powerful.
All these applications that you're going to be building are going to be powered by this Lang chain.
Even browser use one of the application, which is mainly used for performing web data extraction,
uses Lang chain a lot.
And we talked about something called as Lang Smith over here.
As I told you, this is one of the most important key component of this entire journey that we are going
to be doing in this course.
So Lang Smith is an evaluation and debugging platform for large language model applications built by
the Lang Chain team itself.
So it helps developers test, optimize, and monitor their AI application by providing powerful tools
for tracing, logging, debugging and benchmarking different large language model components.
And we are going to be using this language with quite a lot in this course, as I told you before.
So in this course, as you can see over here, we are going to be doing all these operations.
We are going to first understand the basic building blocks of long chain.
This is going to take a couple of sections to understand how things will work, and then how we can
create our own long chain chains and how we can use with the large language models run the chains.
And also we can use these syntax that we have learned over here, the concepts that we have learned
from here.
And then we'll implement these to build the chatbots, build rags or retrieval augmented generations.
We can also be building agents or the AI agents.
And then finally we'll be testing all these things that we have built over here.
And you will see that all these components that we are going to be doing over here are going to be done
with the all Arma and local large language models, and the local large language models can be llama
three R2 or Dbsk R1 or Qn 2.5 model.
It can be of anything as long as your machine can execute or support running these large language models
within your local machine, you can use any number of parameters, so you can see that you can use 8
billion parameter or 2 billion parameter, or 6 billion parameter.
It depends upon how your machine can handle those.
And we are going to be using that in this particular course.
I'm going to be prevalently using the llama 3.28 billion parameter mostly.
If your machine can handle more than that, you are very happy to use them.
And guess what?
The more and more billion parameters your large language model supports, the better your language applications
response is going to be and more accurate the response is going to be.
And as I said, let's talk about the prerequisite of this course.
We are going to be using Windows or Mac operating system.
So I'm going to be mostly using Mac operating system because I run everything in my Mac OS as well as
I have Mac, Apple M1 machine, so I will be using that as a host machine for all the execution.
And we also need to have Python for execution, because the entire operation that we are going to be
using in the long chain is going to be Python.
Long chain also has JavaScript version, but we are going to be using the Python version here.
And then you need to have a good machine configuration.
Of course it can be M1 or higher, or maybe windows with a GPU like 208 0 or 3 080, or even 4090 for
that matter.
If you have any of these GPU, which is amazing, you will have a very good inferencing time and it
should be very, very faster when you execute them.
You also need to have Visual Studio Code, of course, and Olama, because Olama is the one that we
are going to be using as a platform to run the local large language models.
So these are the precursor of this course guys, and I'm quite excited with this course for you.
So talk to you in our next lecture where we are going to be talking about why lamb-smith in first place.